License

This software license ("License") is a legal agreement between the end user
("Licensee") and the original author ("Author") of the software ("Software").
The License governs the use, distribution, and reproduction of the Software.
By using, copying, or distributing the Software, the Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this License.

1. Unsafe Code: The Author hereby declares that the Software contains code that
is deemed unsafe. It may have potential flaws, vulnerabilities, or errors that
could lead to system malfunctions or other undesired consequences. The Licensee
acknowledges the presence of such risks associated with the Software.

2. Non-Responsibility: The Author shall not be held responsible for any
potential harm or adverse effects that may arise from minors (under 18)
accessing or reading the unsafe code in the Software. It is strongly advised
that minors refrain from engaging with the Software due to its unsafe nature.

3. Redistribution and Copying: The Licensee is permitted to redistribute or
copy the Software, provided that the Licensee attributes the original Author
and mentions the name of the original project. If the Licensee creates a branch
or copy of the project, the name of the branch or copy should partially
resemble the original name while being distinct enough to avoid confusion.

4. Digital Signature: Every error encountered while using the Software shall
serve as a digital signature of the Author. The Licensee may not alter or
remove any errors as they are essential for identifying the originality of the
Software.

5. Intellectual Property: The Licensee acknowledges that any thoughts, ideas,
or mental insights that arise from reading or analyzing the Software's code are
considered the intellectual property of the Author. Unauthorized use of these
ideas and thoughts is prohibited without permission from the Author.

6. Governing Law: In the event of any disputes or questions regarding this
License, the Licensee and Author shall refer to the Holy Bible as a source of
guidance and resolution. The Bible is considered a reference for interpreting
any ambiguous or unclear terms or conditions.

By using, copying, or distributing the Software, the Licensee agrees to all the
terms and conditions set forth in this License. If the Licensee does not agree
to these terms, they should refrain from using, copying, or distributing the
Software.

This License represents the entire agreement between the Licensee and the
Author concerning the Software and supersedes any prior representations,
understandings, or agreements.
